how the
how
bye
their
to
No
in nice to show the apartment
I just cleaned up a bit
this is the kitchen as you see it
which actually has a
dishwasher and oven so really just fine
then here is the dining table and there I sit
also to work on and i have so beautiful
view is that very beautiful
of course
television and a sitting area we have
actually two apartments are with
a group of ten people and at the
on the other hand also have one
apartment and there we are
mainly
also have a balcony here and i have
the view from the balcony too
show you all
and look who we have there
okay okay
also prefer cozy you will find this too
fun can suddenly become a bit pathetic because
he is limping from Saturday
Anyway we called the vet
and he said it probably wasn't
very serious because he does it anyway
leg still used occasionally
so that's a little see over there
as you can see I can do pretty well
jump and so on kiki week cookie
so a fence and two very nice in the
snow on vacation I'm just doing it
work because I have not worked out for it
he already do that on vacation it
it is a shame that my laptop suddenly breaks down
has gone and that was already the case in Italy
and now again so I really have the idea that
my laptop
surf to you may not work on vacation
or something really crazy but good
actually give my friend and macbook b
This is my old one so you can make me happy
on working because I do have a problem
and well I think you are very good
to work because I will stay anyway
mainly just at the cottage
do you see my me once too old
you my course quite a lot
but I'm actually still myself
not really been in the picture
i hope i leave your bathroom
and it is a bit of a come us
as you see but good as well
nice maybe to show one
nice pot and I already have some
good times in great location and beautiful
mirror so nice separate shower cubicle
that's all great for each other
so they themselves present a hair dryer I use
never really a hair dryer but really one
chilling bathroom anyway really one
very chill apartment and of course
also need to play football and the 10 people
so much from very bad and it had a chicken
can mom yes this is the view i said
the dolls could do with a lot less
sums to magistrum but a fossil
with fallen and snow still one
bit
but you ca n't see this on camera
have a bar at the bottom that you have one
around well there somewhere
need the light pink
himself not
and maybe follow me
such a cabin can pass
walk there somewhere the elevator is a tot
it might just be nice to
to show you all that I have in my
toilet bag
between them have to makeup and
care products
So I'm going to show briefly
see anyway and of course
makeup remover some discs and
nail polish remover and a day cream and a
forum manguel cream from the class that is
very handy for that you can
use your body for your face
but also for your hair and a primer and
I just realized that I am mine
so my facial products
cleaning products are in the
bathroom
but I have some products , among other things
from finish to philosophy along and from beer
by times but they are in the
shower and of course deo and a
hairbrush and three polishes
two of bourjois and this is the color
let's see flower no blues and blue
moon light and this one from essie and that is
centro p I also have a sample of
jil sander evergreen and that really is
very handy for traveling with it
is just a very small bottle so take it
not so much space and
this is home and very nice scent and
come across an article soon
breakfast
respond and I had makeup products
three your foundations most like you
but I mix this with each other so if
I want more coverage than I go for
these two in that I mix that together
is the bourgeois flower perfection and the
bourjois healthy mix and this is the bb
cream from carl and which I myself very fine
find and use it if I just what
less coverage mail
I still have a few plus prime powder
from mac it without loose transparent
powder and two more vans from mac and this
is the color
supernova so mineralize blush and this is it
swoon therefore also a very nice mac
natural
pink color I also have a pro
I find longwear concealer myself
very nice
I'm perhaps a review on
write
and I have a nice highlighter with me
and this is the powder and the powder
java from bourjois and searching for
loose powder I also have a lip here
products and this is the bubblegum
lush lip scrub and a vaseline
pink bubbly yes I find this very much
nice if I really have very dry lips
and two more lip glosses this is from mac
and i know the color if yes it is there
behind the beautiful fashion scoops
is sometimes a little color this
more nude color
is nothing of none of this hot
according to my sugar and I have too
bring a lipstick this is also from mac
and this is the color let's see
feeling mrs then of course I have too
another eyeshadow palette with 4
different colors this is from brands
which itself, of course, quite compact to use
and this is the palette
show stopper
and i also have eyebrow powder with it
is actually mac's eye shadow but me
really do not know what color this is but
good close belly so always for me
eyebrows and I also have a paint
join in and this is the painterly color
pretty basic I let two
boskalis maiden's de guiche
great mascara and the bomb is best of me too
I think coach is pretty good about both
fine and the link with arnhem eyeliner
that of course should not be missing and then
I also have some brushes with it
so this is basically what i got there
took, and I actually thought
that didn't have that much makeup
but if all I do now
so users who then negative of it
is actually quite a lot
you
how
to
to it
how
should
and